client/README.md, before:

### Overview

Client side React.js/Less code.  This application is the Apollo Client, which calls the 
Apollo Server for data.

### Files

| Filename                 | Description                                                                |
|--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `src`                    | React/Apollo/Less source code for the client application.                  |
| `.babelrc`               | Configuration for the Babel transpiler.                                    |
| `.eslintrc.js`           | Configuration for ESLint JavaScript/Typescript linting.                    |
| `.prettierrc.js`         | Configuration for the Prettier automated code formatter.                   |
| `Dockerfile`             | Dockerfile for running the client application locally or in production.    |
| `nginx.conf`             | Nginx server configuration for the client application.                     |
| `package.json`           | Entry point for the npm application.  Contains dependency definitions.     |
| `tsconfig.json`          | Typescript language configuration.                                         |
| `webpack.config.js`      | Webpack code bundler configuration file.                                   |
| `yarn.lock`              | Versions of each dependency used by Yarn.                                  |

### Resources

1. [TypeScript with React & Webpack](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/react-&-webpack.html)
2. [React/TypeScript Sample Code](https://github.com/Lemoncode/react-typescript-samples/tree/master/hooks)
3. [ESLint Config](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)
4. [ESLint Rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
5. [Prettier CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html)

Commit message:

docker compose to simulate k8s env on local

client/README.md, after:

### Overview

Client side React.js/Less code.  This application is the Apollo Client, which calls the 
Apollo Server for data.

### Files

| Filename                 | Description                                                                |
|--------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `src`                    | React/Apollo/Less source code for the client application.                  |
| `.babelrc`               | Configuration for the Babel transpiler.                                    |
| `.eslintrc.js`           | Configuration for ESLint JavaScript/Typescript linting.                    |
| `.prettierrc.js`         | Configuration for the Prettier automated code formatter.                   |
| `docker-compose.yml`     | Docker compose configuration to easily run the Dockerfile locally.         |
| `Dockerfile`             | Dockerfile for running the client application locally or in production.    |
| `nginx.conf`             | Nginx server configuration for the client application.                     |
| `package.json`           | Entry point for the npm application.  Contains dependency definitions.     |
| `tsconfig.json`          | Typescript language configuration.                                         |
| `webpack.config.js`      | Webpack code bundler configuration file.                                   |
| `yarn.lock`              | Versions of each dependency used by Yarn.                                  |

### Resources

1. [TypeScript with React & Webpack](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/react-&-webpack.html)
2. [React/TypeScript Sample Code](https://github.com/Lemoncode/react-typescript-samples/tree/master/hooks)
3. [ESLint Config](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring)
4. [ESLint Rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
5. [Prettier CLI](https://prettier.io/docs/en/cli.html)
